test(igniteui-mcp): add vitest unit test suite for MCP server (#1570)
IgniteUI/igniteui-cli: packages/igniteui-mcp/igniteui-doc-mcp/README.md

    "igniteui": {
      "command": "npx",
      "args": ["-y", "igniteui-cli@next", "mcp"]
    }
  }
}
```

### Claude Desktop

> If IgniteUI CLI is globally installed you can configure the MCP like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Ignite UI CLI is globally installed you can configure the MCP like this:
```
